Product Designers live at the crossroads of empathy and technology. They embrace their users’ points of view to define meaningful problems. researchers, business analysts, writers, visual designers, developers, and countless other stakeholders. They develop thoughtful solutions, taking business needs, technological capabilities, and user feedback into account.

At Cvent, that philosophy translates into creating the best experience for anyone who plans and attends meetings and events. As a part of our Product Design team, you’ll design new products and improve existing ones. You’ll map workflows, create wireframes, produce prototypes, and participate in user research. You’ll use the latest design tools, but also develop ideas on paper and whiteboards. You’ll work alone and collaborate with a team. You’ll take ownership for your product area, validating your ideas and presenting to senior designers and stakeholders for feedback.

We’re looking for talented and passionate designers to help shape the future of the event industry. We want to see your work, how you think through problems, and what design principles guide your process. When applying, please provide a link to your online portfolio or send it as a PDF. Candidates who do not submit a portfolio will not be considered.

Position Duties
Understand the complex problems our customers face, and how Cvent’s products work to solve them
Empathize with and extend our target audience understanding, and envision efficient and enjoyable end-to-end processes
Collaborate with user researchers, product managers, developers, and other stakeholders to drive the experience of our applications
Form theories and recommendations based on usage data and product analytics
Design intuitive, modern, accessible products that are consistent with platform-level standards
Create high-quality workflows, information hierarchies, wireframes, mockups, static and motion prototypes, and other deliverables
Participate in (and learn to lead) design collaboration sessions
Write and maintain a UX Brief outlining the goals of each project
Design with a platform mindset, understanding the relationships between each of Cvent’s products
Produce multiple design solutions as you work toward a final design
Articulate your thinking as you present your work to senior designers and other stakeholders
Gather feedback and iterate on your designs as needed
Write functional annotations, and work with engineers in an Agile environment to ensure designs are implemented as intended


Skills & Requirements
Experience in design with a focus on software applications
Seasoned in the application of research and design techniques, and able to adapt the approach taken to meet the challenge
A portfolio that demonstrates exceptional design skills and design thinking, clearly identifying your role & responsibilities for each project
Expertise in professional design and prototyping tools
Deep understanding of the capabilities of HTML, CSS, and JS (front-end coding experience is a plus)
Ability and desire to apply creativity to a variety of projects
Self-management, the ability to project your own timelines (as well as follow those created for you) and interact directly with project stakeholders
Sharp critical thinking and problem solving skills
Good visual design capacity and/or understanding
Practitioner of user-centered design principles
Confidence to take criticism productively and defend your designs when necessary
Ability to see the big picture, but also pay attention to the details
Practical understanding of design systems and accessibility beyond the UI


Academic And Professional Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Human Computer Interaction, UX Design, Product Design, or a related field
2-4 years of post-graduation professional experience in a Product Designer or UX Designer role

